the chain is the main feature of the
pistenbully greentech the
power transmission takes place with the drive
advice on the tail
the 86 5 cm wide rubberized chain with
steel core is for the
agricultural use designed
to the agricultural ones
Specifications still belong to the
hub work the two control devices the
ballast plates and the cooler with
revision more often on the right
vehicle page
the pistenbully is hydrostatic
Powered and applied on the spot
the chain should be 3500 operating hours
hold
the five meter wide sliding sign
can be about a multifunction
handle in the cabin several times
the transport width is 3 meters
for optimum power transmission , the
pistenbully silage under the chains
to have
he can not stand on smooth asphalt
mesh enough and then turn around
thanks to the multiple overrunning of his
chains through the wheels of the
According to Kässbohrer, the landing gear is created
shake effect of compressing the silage
should
corn in the chain is not a problem
she can not jump off
The chain is curious for everyone
machines start over the front grief
advice